resource/aws_iam_role: Add exclusive list support for a role's inline and managed policies (#5904)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/iam_role_policy.html.markdown

Provides an IAM role inline policy.

> ~> **NOTE:** For a given role, this resource is incompatible with using the [`aws_iam_role`](/docs/providers/aws/r/iam_role.html) resource's `inline_policy` argument. If you use `aws_iam_role`.`inline_policy` configuration blocks, the `aws_iam_role` resource will take over exclusive management of the role's inline policies. Attempting to manage a role's policies by multiple means will cause resource cycling and/or errors.

Reviewer: Similar to other note suggestion:

```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** For a given role, this resource is incompatible with using the [`aws_iam_role` resource](/docs/providers/aws/r/iam_role.html) `inline_policy` argument. When using that argument and this resource, both will attempt to manage the role's inline policies and Terraform will show a permanent difference.
```
